The LS3-Thesis LaTeX-template


Files
-----

This template uses the KOMA class. The template consists of several files.

Edit the following files:
- main.tex: Insert the title of the thesis, your name, names of the supervisors
  examinors etc.... Further below in the part "Here comes the main part", add
  an \include-command for each chapter you have.
  You can switch between German and English language with the command \englishtrue
  and \englishfalse

- Chapters: Create an individual tex-file for each chapter you have, for example:
  chapter_1.tex, chapter_2.tex,...

- literature.bib: Insert all your citations here, in bibtex-format.


Do NOT edit these files:
- preamble.tex: loads the necessary LaTex packages.
- titlepage.tex: defines the titlepage
- coverpage.tex: defines the coverpage (blue circle...)
- author_declaration.tex: Short text at the beginning (if you write in German,
  you need to translate this text)


Compiling the document
----------------------

To compile the document, either compile main.tex in a LaTeX editor like Kile,
or TeXMaker, or call `make` under Linux.


Additional information
----------------------

You are responsible for your thesis document. So, you can hand it in however
you want. Yet, we would strongly advice you to just use this template as-is,
without changing page margins etc.

Some more technical information: This document uses the KOMA scrreprt class.
The KOMA documentation (you can find it online) is very verbose, but also very
thorough.  Searching chapter 3 of the  of the documentation may even be quicker
than doing a Google search.

Some basic information about how KOMA handles pages: A page consists of header
| margin | text body | margin | footer Additionally, for 2-sided documents,
there are inner and left/right margins on a page, depending whether it's an
even or uneven page (1-sided documents: there's just a left+right margin of the
same size on each page) Imagine a 2-sided document with two pages side-by-side.
left margin = right margin = 2 * inner  margin If part of a page is 'lost' due
to the binding, this is corrected for via the BCOR parameter.
